readded everything (#104)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/Experiment.tex

\section{Evaluation}\label{sec:experiment}
In this section, we evaluate the topic models previously defined.
We also define the evaluation metrics and how hyperparameters for the models were chosen.

> Lastly, the results of the evaluations are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, the results of the evaluations are shown.
```

> In this section, we evaluate the topic models previously defined.
> We also define the evaluation metrics and how hyperparameters for the models were chosen.
> Lastly, the results of the evaluations are displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, we define the evaluation metrics and how hyperparameters for the models were chosen.
Lastly, an overview of the results is given.
```

\subsection{Models}\label{sec:experiment_models}
A list of different topic models is evaluated each using different metadata from the dataset.
The main difference between the models is how they draw a specific topic for a word.
As detailed in \autoref{sec:plate_notation} the main models used in this experiment are:
\begin{description}
	\item[\Acrlong{lda}] Standard \gls{lda} which uses document-topic distributions.
	\item[Author-Topic Model]\cite{author_topic_2012} An \gls{lda} based model, which uses author-topic distributions.
	\item[Category-Topic Model] An \gls{lda} based model which uses category-topic distributions.
	\item[Taxonomy-Topic Model] A \acrlong{pam} which uses hierarchical taxonomy information.

> \end{description}

Reviewer 2: Føler ikke dette afsnit giver nok til at fylde så meget. Tænker \subsection kan fjernes, og at det meste af teksten kan  forkortes til 1-2 sætninger. Itemizen med beskrivelse behøves ikke.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\subsection{Models}\label{sec:experiment_models}
A list of different topic models is evaluated each using different metadata from the dataset.
The main difference between the models is how they draw a specific topic for a word.
As detailed in \autoref{sec:plate_notation} the main models used in this experiment are:
\begin{description}
	\item[\Acrlong{lda}] Standard \gls{lda} which uses document-topic distributions.
	\item[Author-Topic Model]\cite{author_topic_2012} An \gls{lda} based model, which uses author-topic distributions.
	\item[Category-Topic Model] An \gls{lda} based model which uses category-topic distributions.
	\item[Taxonomy-Topic Model] A \acrlong{pam} which uses hierarchical taxonomy information.
\end{description}
\todo[inline]{Føler ikke dette afsnit giver nok til at fylde så meget. Tænker \subsection kan fjernes, og at det meste af teksten kan forkortes til 1-2 sætninger. Itemizen med beskrivelse behøves ikke, men modellerne brugt kan nævnes i en af sætningerne.}
```

\subsection{Evaluation Metrics}\label{sec:experiment_metrics}
All models previously mentioned are evaluated using the following evaluation metrics.

> The main metric used in this experiment is topic coherence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main metric used in this evaluation is topic coherence.
```
evaluation hvis vi vil droppe at kalde det et eksperiment.

This metric indicates how semantically similar the top words within each topic are and can therefore be used as an indication of the topic quality within a model~\cite{topic_coherence_2015}.

> There are different methods for calculating topic coherence, but we will be using $C_v$ coherence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways of calculating topic coherence, and we are using $C_v$ coherence metric.
```

Author: ```suggestion
There are different ways of calculating topic coherence.
We are using $C_v$ topic coherence, for this paper.
```

$C_v$ is calculated using the following steps, as presented by~\citet{Syed2017coherence}:
\begin{enumerate}
	\item Topic-word segmentation into word set pairs
	\item Word and word pair probability calculation
	\item Word set confirmation measure
	\item Aggregation of confirmation measures
\end{enumerate}
The intuition is to calculate the degree of semantic similarity between highly probable words in a topic.
This evaluation metric is explained further in Appendix \autoref{app:topic_coherence}.

> The second metric used in the experiment is topic difference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second metric used in the evaluation is topic difference.
```

Topic difference is another metric that is used to check the quality of the topic model.
It is based on the assumption that a good topic model will have little overlap between topics.

> It is therefore not the best measure of the final quality of a topic model, however a low topic difference will indicate potential problems within a model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is therefore not the best measure of the final quality of a topic model, however, a low topic difference will indicate potential problems within a model.
```

Topic difference is calculated using the following equation:

\begin{equation}

> 	\emph{TopicDifference} = \frac{1}{K \cdot K} \sum_{i=1}^{K} \sum_{j=1}^{K} JS(\beta_{i},\beta_{j})

Reviewer: burde vi skrive Jenson-shannon helt ud? fordi så skal vi også beskrive Kullback-Liebler

\end{equation}

> \noindent where $JS$ is Jensen-Shannon distance, $K$ is the number of topics, and $\beta_{k}$ is the topic-word distribution for topic $k$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\noindent where $JS$ is the Jensen-Shannon distance, $K$ is the number of topics, and $\beta_{k}$ is the topic-word distribution for topic $k$.
\todo[inline]{Ref/footnote til hvor topic difference er fra.}
```
distance eller divergence?

Reviewer: distance, da divergence er noget andet

> If the total sum is not averaged, it can also be used to indicate the convergence of the model.

Reviewer 2: Nødvendig?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: ```suggestion
```

\subsection{Grid Search}\label{sec:experiment_gridsearch}

> To find the optimal hyperparameter values for the models, we run a grid search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the optimal hyperparameter values for the models, we run two rounds of grid searches.
```

To find the best-performing model we test different values of $K$, $\alpha$, and $\eta$.

> Specifically, we run two rounds of grid search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Hvis Simbas kommentar comittes

> In the first round, the number of topics $K$ we test are the values of $K_1$, as seen in \autoref{tab:gridsearch}, with randomly chosen $\alpha$ and $\eta$ values for each $K$ value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the first round, the number of topics $K$ we test are the values of $K_1$, as seen in \autoref{tab:gridsearch}, with a single randomly chosen $\alpha$ and $\eta$ value for each $K$ value.
```

This creates much fewer runs of the grid search to start with and eliminates hyperparameter values that give worse models.
In the second round, the number of topics $K$ we test are the values of $K_2$ with all combinations of $\alpha$ and $\eta$ except for those with values of $0.001$, since these models gave much worse scores.

> The hyperparameter values used are shown in \autoref{tab:gridsearch}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
nævnes allerede et par sætninger før

We only run the grid search on the standard \gls{lda} model, with the assumption that the number of topics that perform well for this model also performs well for the metadata models when the same dataset is used.

> To evaluate the \gls{lda} models, we measure the topic coherence of a model after training it on the dataset for 50 epochs, and the hyperparameters of the model with the highest score are then used for the models in the rest of the experiment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To evaluate the \gls{lda} models during the grid search, we measure the topic coherence of a model after training it on the dataset for 50 epochs.
The hyperparameters of the model with the highest score are then used for the models in the rest of the experiment.
```

> Based on the topic coherence of the model, we choose $K = 90$, $\alpha = 0.01$, and $\eta = 0.1$ as the hyperparameters for all models in the experiment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on the topic coherence of the best-performing model, we choose $K = 90$, $\alpha = 0.01$, and $\eta = 0.1$ as the hyperparameters for all models in the experiment.
```

> \input{tables/grid_search.tex}

Author: dots are centered for some reason..

Author: ```suggestion
\input{tables/grid_search.tex}
\todo[inline]{fix dots so they arent centered}
```

> \subsection{Results}\label{sec:results}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection{Overview of results}\label{sec:results}
```

> \input{tables/metric_results.tex}

Author: do we want to bold the best result?

> \input{tables/metric_results.tex}

Reviewer: fix sidste sætning i results afsnittet
